---
title: Interview 2
layout: post
---

### What is your first name, and where are you from?
Steve.  I would prefer not to share where I am from.

### When did you first start supporting the Trump campaign/administration?
I first took note in October 2015.  I thought he was sort of absurd/stupid, but by the end of the year started realizing he was not.  It was Trump/Cruz/Kasich, and of those three thought Trump would be strongest.

### What were your top 3 issues going into the election?
The economy. Immigration is always a big one.  Also, one thing for me being younger and more involved in this college stuff is the culture aspect.  (Elaborate?) Free speech stuff, political correctness stuff, y'know.

### What do you wish people understood better about your politics?
I think something going on right now that is very harmful is polarization; if you are this side you must be totally onboard with this, on that side with that.  Just because someone is voting a certain way doesn't mean that they sign on with everything involved with that particular candidate.

### What do people think about your politics that just isn't true?
Where to start?  That I am some sort of evil, terrible, racist, sexist, bigoted, homophobe.  I am not any of those things, so that is obviously a big one.  That ties back to the polarization I was talking about.  There is this notion that people are good or bad based on their politics.  Good and bad are not based on politics, good and bad are based on actions.

### What are you most excited about in the Trump administration over the next 4 years?
I sincerely hope that polarization dies down and people can talk about what they want to talk about again.

### What are you most worried about in the Trump administration over the next 4 years?
That Trump will do or say something stupid, and make it harder to bridge the divide.  This is basically what Ben Shapiro was concerned about: that Trump would poison the well.  I am not totally onboard with that, but I can see how that would be a problem.

### Where do you get your news?
I tend to watch some of the more, I don't want to say "alternative" sites, but I watch Sargon's channel on youtube, Dave Rubin's channel.  I also watch CNN and Fox, but I don't believe everything I read there.  I also listen to Ben Shapiro and Andrew Klavan's podcasts.

### What are you tired of hearing?
Politics in general.

### I am a relatively liberal person, though I was annoyed at the Clinton campaign. What is a policy you think you and I can agree on?
I am a huge fan of space exploration.  I think it is one of the most important things we could be doing, and frankly both sides have been terrible for it.


### What is a policy you would like to believe we could agree on, but don't know that we would?
I do break from the conservative orthodoxy on climate change.  I am not sure that what is being talked about on either side of the aisle would fix that problem, but at least you guys are acknowledging that there is a problem, so certainly that.

### I've asked you a bunch of questions, questions for me?
Not that I can think of right now.

### Thoughts on this entire process?  I have found it really useful!
I was not really familiar with hangouts before this, so it is very interesting!

### Are there approaches that you'd like to see to help make progress?  (In talking in healthy ways, and not just shouting at eachother.)
What people have to understand is that we are all in this.  Most people are acting in good faith, on both sides of the aisle.  People have the same vision of what we want this country to be, but we have different ways of getting there.  In this very partisan landscape, it is very easy to forget that.

### Do you know people I can interview?
I don't think I could give you a recommendation like that in good faith.

### Can I put this on the internet?
Sure, that's fine.

