---
title: Interview 3
layout: post
---

### What is your first name, and where are you from?
Jeff, from Upstate New York

### When did you first start supporting the Trump campaign/administration?
The first positive thoughts I remember having about Trump came shortly after I remember him announcing his candidacy. I remember thinking we could use someone who wasn't so worried about Political Correctness. Also, I believe this country needs to be run like a business, and what better candidate than one who's a successful businessman?

### What were your top 3 issues going into the election?
Balancing the Budget, Border Security, & Healthcare/Education

### What do you wish people understood better about your politics?
In general, I wish people would pause for a moment & truly research the topics important to them. Focus on numbers. Opinions can twist meanings of words, but there's always truth in numbers.

### What do people think about your politics that just isn't true?
I think the thing that irks me most is the stereotype of Trump supporters as being hateful bigoted people. I think that most Trump supporters really care about their country & just want what's best for our citizens.

### What are you most excited about in the Trump administration over the next 4 years?
I'm really excited to see where the Market and our federal budget goes. Also, I'm keeping a close eye on the Labor Force Participation rate to see how jobs are affected. I think we're truly in store for some great things.

### What are you most worried about in the Trump administration over the next 4 years?
I'm really only worried about policies like 'Stop & Frisk' which I think is a clear violation of the 4th Amendment. I think that popular opinion will prevent things like this from occurring.

### Where do you get your news?
I get my news from a variety of sources: Google, CNN, Fox, Reuters, Wapo, NYT, AP, RT etc. Usually multiple news agencies will report on the same event & thru cross-examination of each article you can draw decent conclusions most of the time.

### What are you tired of hearing?
I'm tired of hearing about non-citizen's being oppressed simply for not being allowed in our country. I think the United States needs to be a more exclusive place again. I think the amount of travel Visas we grant to Foreign Nationals needs to be reduced a bit

### I am a relatively liberal person, though I was annoyed at the Clinton campaign. What is a policy you think you and I can agree on?
Transparency. If anyone was annoyed with the Clinton campaign, I think it was probably because of how shady the campaign was run. I feel that the Clintons have leveraged political positions for personal gain FAR too much. We need more transparency in the future.

### What is a policy you would like to believe we could agree on, but don't know that we would?
I think we can both agree that the country needs better security and screening processes. In order to make those changes, some people will be inconvenienced and face hardship. It's life. Change cannot happen without ill-effect to someone. I think choosing to move here from a foreign country is a big risk, and the people making these decisions are aware of those risks. This is why I don't think there's anything morally or legally wrong with the temporary travel ban.

### I've asked you a bunch of questions, questions for me?
I assume you'll have follow-up questions to clarify some things. You're welcome to share this, just please do not associate it my Reddit Account, I prefer to remain anonymous with the details provided in question #1


### Bonus content
One other thing I forgot to mention that bothers me:

I remember being young (like 6-12) and having a great sense of pride for my country. I always remember a lot of nationalism and love for the United States. It truly bothers me how much this has seemed to change over the last 15-20 years or so. I miss when there was widespread pride in our country, I wish we could get that back.

Always happy to help! Thanks!
