---
title: Interview 4
layout: post
---


### What is your first name, and where are you from?

Michael.  I would prefer not to share where I am from.

### When did you first start supporting the Trump campaign/administration?

After the "Jerusalem Guy" dropped out, what's his name? The guy who was going to move the embassy. He looks like Grandpa Munster. Ted Cruz.

### What were your top 3 issues going into the election?

- Presumption of shared custody after divorce.

- Repealing H-1B visas or at least raising the salary floor so high that it's rare.

Zoning cities for walkability.

I know some of these are state-level issues but the one that's related to Trump he actually took care of right away.

### What do you wish people understood better about your politics?

That it's mostly about by my personal life/experiences, Trump was a different type of politician. He was sticking a monkey wrench into the cogs of the machine.

### (Followup Question: ...and you felt that sticking a wrench into the machine was a good thing?)

A: Because it otherwise seems like it's all a show, none of it is real. So it might as well be bad but at least it will be real.

### What do people think about your politics that just isn't true?

I had neighbors that think if I'm a Trump supporter then I'm some sort of a racist. Which is obviously not true.

### I am a relatively liberal person, though I was annoyed at the Clinton campaign. What is a policy you think you and I can agree on?

H-1B. You're for protection of workers, we're for higher salaries, I think we can agree on H-1B.

### (Followup Question: what about foreign students who finish grad school in the US and want to stay here?)

A: For the STEM fields, I think they should be able to easily get a green card straight after OPT. I think that me and the liberals/Hillary supporters would probably agree with that. H-1B is just an opportunity to abuse workers and lower salaries.

ALSO: Minimum wage. I thought Trump would want to raise minimum wage.

### What is a policy you would like to believe we could agree on, but don't know that we would?

Equal custody of children.

### What are you most worried about in the Trump administration over the next 4 years?

Nothing. I guess that makes me an outlier. I'm looking for change and I'm OK with any chance. If there's a coup d'etat I'll be happy.

The one thing I'm afraid of is that nothing will change.
