---
title: Tim
layout: post
---

This format was a little different, with more back-and-forth over multiple emails with Tim.  (Who was an excellent sport and conversation partner, it should be noted.)

## Respondent:

Cool thing with an email interview, is it can stretch over a couple of days and still maintain continuity.

## Interviewer:

Hey!  (Thank you so much again for being willing to participate!)

As an opener, how about these questions?  (I'd like to include enough that things move quickly for you, but not so many that it's overwhelming/asking followup questions is unnatural.)
As a note, please feel free to not answer anything you choose.  For example, some respondents weren't comfortable including the state they were from.

1. How is your day going?

2. What is your first name, and where are you from?

3. When did you first start supporting the Trump campaign/administration?

4. What were your top 3 issues going into the election?

5. What do you wish people understood better about your politics?

## Respondent:

Hi Ben!

First off I'd like to say how refreshing it is to meet someone that wants to actively engage in dialogue and civil discussion!

1.  My day is going GREAT!  Mowed the yard today, the sun is shining and we are well on the road to recovering from a huge hailstorm last week.

2.  My name is Tim and I'm from a suburb north of Dallas, Texas.

3.  Believe it or not, I didn't vote for Trump.  Last summer, I had a good friend at a summer camp I work for try to convince me.  It didn't work.  I was in the "Two worst candidates in history of USA" camp.

However, I watched election night with my Father in Law, a friend who was a Trump supporter, and my buddy's Mom who was a die hard liberal Hillary supporter.  I mean, what could go wrong?

The incredible disconnect between the CNN coverage and FOX and the lack of awareness of what was happening from the people in my house convinced me I should really look into this.

4.  We voted independent as a protest vote, but the top three things I was concerned about then are slightly different now.  Before the election, I wanted 1) Term limits--For crying out loud, John McCain started in the senate when I was in high school and I'm 45 years old! 2) Reasonable immigration and working visa reform, and 3) Healthcare reform.  I'm self employed and my rates now when deductibles are taken into account have tripled.

5.  I wish folks understood that I'm more of a classically liberal/libertarian/anti-government person.  I lean right on some issues and left on others.  I hate that I get put into a box.  We are all different.  I'd rather talk about ideas than dogma.

Thanks Ben!  That was a great start!  I have an hour or so window before dinner time if you'd like to continue.

## Interviewer:

I am a DC resident who has never been to Texas, so I think it is really cool that we can be brought together by the magic of the internet.  (Though one of my good friends is flying to Dallas tomorrow, so if you have suggestions for her, we are all ears!)

I think it is super cool that you watched the election returns with such a different audience.  My family is also all-over-the-map, which makes for "interesting" (wine-soaked) holidays.

What does reasonable immigration and visa reform look like to you?  I imagine things look different to people that live closer to the border.

On healthcare, AFAICT the system is bonkers, but I don't know much more than that.  What are your thoughts?

On term limits, what do you think of the tradeoff on expertise vs new blood?  (I definitely think it is awkward when young voters might have only known one senator their entire lives, but also like when representatives have lots of experience on complex issues like the middle east, so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ? )

What do people think about your politics that just isn’t true?

What are you most excited about in the Trump administration over the next 4 years?

What are you most worried about in the Trump administration over the next 4 years?

## Respondent:

I've lived in DFW area since 1995.  If your friend wants any recommendations on restaurants, hotels, etc. I will do my best.  My wife can probably help more than I so I'll recruit her.

To your follow up and new questions:

On "reasonable immigration reform"

I would like anyone that cannot be vetted properly be barred from entry to the US until it can be determined they are not a threat.  I don't want anyone here hurt.  Further, it is not the U.S.taxpayers' responsibility to take care of every refugee in the World.  This policy is not working out for Europe so well.  I think this is reasonable.

Further on the reasonable side, I have a colloquial example.  I owned a commercial landscaping company for many years.  I helped a few of our Mexican National employees get US citizenship.  It took WAY too long and cost WAY too much money.  These are good men.  Hardworking men and they wanted to be Americans first.  The procedure was too much red tape and these men should have been citizens within 12-18 months.  It took years.

The H1B and H2B visa programs are abused by corporations and big companies.  I believe we need visa reform and an easier path to citizenship for folks that want to be Americans.  An easier path for folks who will make our country better.  I'm not anti-immigration.  I simply want an immigration policy that makes sense for America.  Not one that rewards bringing in the most dangerous, the poorest, and most desperate without vetting.

Even though I'm close to the border, I think you will find a lot of Texans feel the way I do about this.  Biggest fear is unvetted immigration from Islamic countries.

On Healthcare

It's beyond bonkers.  I have some mild asthma, but it is totally controlled with an AdVair inhaler.  I visited Mexico a few years ago for a golf trip and found the inhaler for $85.  It cost me $375 here.  That's insane.  Lobbyists, politicians, and insurance companies are ruining what could be the best healthcare system in the world.  And with Obamacare, folks somehow were convinced that they would all get this great free healthcare.

I run a swim program at a summer camp in the northeast and most of the other administration are younger than I am.  When Obamacare happened, a lot of them were ecstatic.  I visited this last fall and they are all complaining about how it sucks.  I think all of America knows we need to change this.

We should allow the market to determine prices.  We should be able to negotiate with Doctors.  Insurance companies should not have to set up separate entities in each state.  We need competition here really.

Term Limits

I believe politics should be a calling, not a career.  I also think this was a big appeal for Trump voters.  12 year term limits on congress would be a good thing.  McCain visited Syria last month and now there is a questionable gas attack form Assad.  What does he know about the middle east?  What are his interests?  There are experts in foreign policy on any cabinet.  We have an exemplary military and good generals.  You don't have to be in the senate for 30 years to know that just because a brown piece of gloop is sitting on the sidewalk it might not be peanut butter.  We shouldn't have Maxine Watters or John McCain deciding middle east foreign policy.  Twelve years, or three total terms house/senate combined is enough.


I'm going to take a 15 minute break, and then get to the rest of the questions.  I mostly wanted to stop here and commend you for taking the time to ask questions and seek the truth.  I think you might find that you and your interview subjects are much, much closer in thought and policy than the folks on the FAR left or FAR right would have us believe.

## Respondent:

Next questions.

What do people think about your politics that just isn’t true?

I think by supporting Trump I get labeled a bit as far right.  Heck, I voted Ross Perot and supported Obama his first term (was quickly disappointed there).  I'm pro-choice for the choosers even though I wouldn't want my wife to get an abortion.  I'm for lowest possible taxes but I believe we need a certain level of a social safety net for our citizens that need help.  I lean classic liberal, libertarian, and then conservative depending on the issue.  Sometimes I'm afraid people conflate a politician labels with issues and ideas.  That's a shame and what are doing is hopefully shedding light on this.

What are you most excited about in the Trump administration over the next 4 years?

You mean 8 years?  First bad joke.  I'm excited about the economy already, the peal back of regulations, and the transparency of the federal government.  Complain about the twitter if you want, but this administration has nothing to hide--just ask Susan Rice.  Last bad joke I hope.

I'm excited that so many Americans are pulling their heads out of the sand and looking into how things work.  An informed citizen is good for the country.  How many people could even name the vice president 6 years ago.  Now I run into people talking about such and such on a House Intelligence committee.  Good stuff.

Kind of nice illegal border crossings are down 61% simply by enforcing the law.  I look forward to that continuing.  Telling what a joke it was before, too.  We won't need a $15 minimum wage if we keep this up.  Wages will go higher naturally.

I appreciate the Gorsuch nomination and I'm hopeful Trump will get another one in.  Trump is a middle of the road conservative and judges like Gorsuch will have an impact on this country for 30 years.

What are you most worried about in the Trump administration over the next 4 years?

Right now I'm worried that the career politicians from both sides of the isle will try to derail some very common sense campaign promises and policies President Trump wants to achieve.  I'm glad the Ryan health care bill got squashed.  It was crap.  What McCain has done to derail foreign and domestic policy is shameful.

I'm worried that the Dems are in such a state of hysteria they will try to prevent any policy from happening at all.  It's as if they forgot Trump considered running against Bush as a democrat.

I'm worried about some world conflict that Trump cannot control being blamed on him and it leading to a bigger problem than it should be because people cannot come together.



Ok.  That's it for now.  If you want to send me some questions I can ask you
or get some kind of closing statement that would be awesome.

## Interviewer:

These responses are really great Tim, thank you.  I'm not quite sure how to read your last lines; are you asking for questions it would be ok for you to ask me?  (You can ask me whatever you want!)

As for closing on your end, what do you hope we-Americans can collaborate on?  What do you wish lay people could/would do to fix things?  My pet project is this interview approach, and ideally training people to deescalate a bit, it what changes would you like to see in your world?

(Also, the standard few closers on my end: do you have questions for me?  Would you be OK with me publishing this on my blog, potentially redacting whichever sections you want?  Do you know other people I could interview?  It is pretty hard to line these up on the internet because most people are wary.)

I hope your Friday is off to a great start!

## Respondent:


Sorry, had gmail/computer problems and had to do errands.  Seems fixed now.  To continue:

What do you hope we-Americans can collaborate on?

I think there are a lot of issues that 75% of Americans would support and only politicians, attorneys, and accountants don't want (or whack job right wingers or regressive leftists!)  For example, could you imagine the common ground we could have on Tax Reform?  Flat tax for citizens and close corporate tax loopholes.  Capital gains are taxed way less than income, so rich people put their money where it's not going to be taxed so high.  Heck, look at Bernie's 13% rate!  I'm not saying let's go full on populist, but I've owned businesses and the tax code is crazy.

Balanced budget is a lot of common ground to collaborate on.  Article 5 of the Constitution provides for the States to call a Constitutional Convention.  Most states want a balanced budget amendment.  It takes 32 states to call for a convention, and 38 to ratify.  There are 32 (33 if you count Nebraska's one house) state legislatures controlled by republicans in both houses.  Only 13 democrat and 4 split.  This is a serious possibility.

While we are at it, what if immigration reform as I see it is on the table.  That is, we make pathway to citizenship easier for folks that will be good for our country.  Then, a National voter ID amendment could work within this reform.

I also feel like most Americans want security, a good military, and affordable health care.  I sincerely feel like if we can get both sides of the aisle to set aside politics and work for the citizens of this country, we can make a lot of progress.

Sure, we might argue on some numbers on flat tax 12%, 18%, whatever--settle on 15%?  Heck, I don't know.  We might argue on HOW LONG someone has to live here to become a citizen, but now it's too long.  We need less red tape and less government.  I have never met anyone that thinks a balanced budget is a bad idea.  These are all things we can build on together.

What do you wish lay people could/would do to fix things?

Get involved in local politics.  I'm helping two guys run for school board and I helped a guy run for city council.  It's incredibly empowering.  I've spoken at school board meetings.  Our local election turnout is around 5%-6% and no one knows the local issues.  It's sad.

My pet project is this interview approach, and ideally training people to deescalate a bit, what changes would you like to see in your world?

Basically mentioned most of this above.  Once we work together and get some of the compromises worked out, we all realize we are Americans first and that we all want what is best for each other.  When we can cross partisan lines and get things accomplished together, the fighting stops.  We all behave as gentlemen and we work together to preserve our country, our constitution, and a better future for our children.  That's the dream.

But we can't let big government, special interests, foreign globalists, terrorists, lobbyists, and special interest tell us what is best for us.  I'll fight that with the last breath in my lungs and blood in my heart.

As far as your standard questions:  please put this on your blog.  Feel free to edit for space and grammatical errors.  I tend to write 35 words when 10 would suffice!  I would like to see any edited version first, but it's your format.  Also, I would like to be able to link to your blog.

Most importantly, I'd like to thank you for reaching out and engaging folks.  I would really like to see your answers to these questions!

Thank you for your time and consideration.  What a great idea this is.  I have a feeling you are a really good person, a truth seeker, and the world is better for having people like you in it (even if you might have voted for Hillary! haha)

Take care!
